Release v0.31.0 (#909)
sematic-ai/sematic: docs/changelog.md

with nothing else on the line.
-->
* HEAD
* [0.31.0](https://pypi.org/project/sematic/0.31.0/)

>     * [feature] Enable remote execution using pure-Docker, without bazel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [feature] Enable local and remote execution of pipelines using Docker natively, without Bazel
```
